# Amelioran
...
...

[MAKE IT MORE SCI FI, LESS TRADITIONAL EARTH FISHING VILLAGE]

I was suddenly subjected to the dizzying sensation of weightlessness as the world began to recede beneath me, slowly at first and then with increasing haste. Visally, the impression was of me rising into the air, but I *felt* instead that the world was plummeting away beneath me. In the initial shock i keeled over, certain that i would soon drop to the hard slabs below at any moment. However, after rising to the height of the church tower, i straightened up again, almost scrambling backwards through the air, my vertigo replaced with terror.

The *fidelity* of the view i was looking at was deteriorating. The warm sandstone of the church basking in the sun was fading to a overcast grey. Bricks, windows, roof tiles, all began to fall from existence bit by bit, crumbling, pixellating, shimmering away as if part of a mirage. The deterioration was like a sped up visual of a leaf being eaten by a swarm of grubs, holes in the image opening seemingly at random, growing, speading, connecting. Like the shirt of someone suddenly riddled with bullets, blotchy blood spatters appearing here and there before oozing out like an infernal mandelbrot. Like mould on a damp loaf, creeping outwards, tarnishing the healthy brown of the crust with its putrid blue-grey.

As the church-mirage fell apart, what was left was a skeletal ruin. Rough edges of latticework from the windows jutted menacingly upwards like barbed wire along the wall of a military base. Eroded columns supported remains of rib vaults, the very incompleteness of the arches an affront to the mind, the seeming impossibility of the support of the top-heavy, half-demolished vaults daring the mind to question the laws of physics that they appeared to ignore. Scattered throughout and around the ruin were crumbling bricks and shattered glass, indeed some on the very slabs - now cracked and overgrown with a sickly grey weed - that i had been standing on moments earlier. Not enough rubble remained to imply the church had simply collapsed, instead the effect was as if a swarm of insects had *devoured* the very masonry of the building, although what insects could achieve such a feat i knew not.

Whereas moments before i stood on the warm threshold of a sturdy, beautiful monument, now i rose away from a cold, lifeless, *desecrated* ruin. All senses told me this new image must be the fake - seconds earlier i had been walking through that church without tripping on stray bricks, crunching on shattered glass, or becoming entangled with those wretched weeds. I had stood at the great doors, feeling the warmth of a calm sun, not the bite of a cool wind. I had touched the wood, the bricks, felt the grain and oil, the dust and pores. But i felt, subconsciously *knew*, that this new vista was real. Despite its lack of warmth, logic, or familiarity, it commanded my heart and mind with a cold dominance that defied doubt. It bestowed upon me a despair that could never have come from mere imagination. It was an external force which over-rode all internal reasoning and thought. I gagged at the thought that i could have been in such close proximity with those slimy weeds, that i had touched those rotten doors, and breathed that dusty, stale air.

Desperately scrambling at sanity, i thought of the sudden lack of sunlight, and wondered if perhaps a cloud had obscured the sun. I began to turn my eyes and twist my head to look upwards, but stopped as soon as my gaze moved from the church. The church had stood on a small peak in the upper reaches of the rugged cliffs and hills that composed my home town, a local maxima in a town with the topography of a used dishcloth scrunched up and thrown on the ground. The town had stood on a rocky headland, sea separating it from islands in three directions, and the jagged hills continuing in the other. Steep streets hadsnaked up and down the hillsides, small houses packed together lining them, almost looking like rows of half-fallen dominoes, each supporting the next, and if the one at the bottom had one day slipped into the sea it was conceivable that the rest would have followed. Spires had risen here and there, lush parks occupying the cliff-faces too steep for the precarious dwellings.

Now as i cast my view across this once-familiar scene, it too began to deteriorate. Colourful houses crumbled, giving way to mouldy timbers. Stone spires warped and twisted, splintering like dry wood. Bright leaves blew into nothingness, leaving pocked, cancerous trees. Potholes in the paved streets grew to the size of small houses, eating at the sidewalks and shopfronts, with a depth i could not see to the bottom of, but which i could see the layers of dead topsoil and stone before they disappeared into darkness. Worst of all was the sea, which was *drained*. The lush seaweed which had once lined the seabed now lay slimy and rotten, buzzing with flies. The straight between this headland and the nearest isle, known for its depth of hundreds of metres, which had allowed ships to traverse back in olden times and which had made my hometown such a bustling port - now this straight was a grey-green mountainside of scree and sludge. A putrid brown-green torrent churned and bubbled at the bottom of this hellish ravine. Again i gagged, and moaned in unconvincing defiance at the inconceivable wasteland that my cherished homeland had become. 

As i continued to drift upwards, i managed to finally tear my eyes from the tartaran landscape below me and look towards the sun. Or what was left of it. The grey, lifelessness of the world was now apparent, as the sun itself was *faded*. It was still there, but its warmth and brightness much diminished, as if it was trapped in some sort of a cage, its rays only escaping in patches here and there. A cage was indeed an appropriate analogy, as i saw a latticework of structure criss-crossing the star's surface and reaching out into the void beyond, great black worms of machinery snaking into the grey sky. It was like looking at a bloodshot eye.

I turned back to the dead scenerey below me, and realised that it was not fully dead, at leas not devoid of *movement*. Crawling among the ruins and pulling apart the fabric of the town were various forms of [cyborgs]. Most of these were for sure of the mainly machine variety, but i could see various skeletal forms chained inside some, fleshy masses stretched across others. Were it not for the nightmare devouring of my hometown, i would have found the diversity was astounding, like turning over a log and finding a whole ecosystem of bottom-feeding detrivores. Some moved on six legs, others on two, others seemed to simply glide. All of their movements betrayed the sickening machine lurch of the [cyborgs], and at a macro level too there seemed to be discord between them. Although they acted as a whole, it was not with the coordination of insects such as bees, or military troopers. It was as if they all worked toward a common goal - the *consumption* of all that was organic, but each on their own terms, each working for themselves. As if mercenaries had been hired to do a job, with the casualties of no consequence so long as the end result was achieved.

I began to scream, a scream fueled by horror, anger, sadness. I wanted to take on every last one of those creeping horrors single-handed, smashing them til they were no more, but i also wanted to be gone from this wretched mockery of my home, to have my memory wiped of all that i had seen here. I realised now that my homeworld was utterly destroyed, the star it orbited being drained of energy. This had not been a sudden process - the all-present rot had clearly had time to establish itself. Instead, all that i had experienced recently - i knew not exactly how long *recently* was in this case - had been an illusion. I didn't know how the [cyborgs] had achieved it, whether through technical, neurological or other means, but they had been deluding me, and others of my species, until apparently now when they figured the game was up and no more was needed. It was like waking from a lifelike dream to reality, that momentary feeling of misplacedness, but at an entirely different magnitude.

Why had they done this? Why maintain such a mirage, when they could have consumed me with as little resistance as they consumed those trees in the parks? My conversation with the priest! They must have needed that information, and had no way of extracting it from me otherwise. As easily as they could consume the material, the psychological was still unreachable for them. I looked to the nave where the priest had stood, and watched as a ghoulish [cyborg] discarded the robed skeleton that had been the prop i had been talking to mere moments earlier. The bones rolled apart as the remains hit the floor, and i screamed again.

I continued to scream until the darkness consumed me.
