# Ooha-whiss

Back when I was a new sapling, and our little family had not yet been introduced to the other great families of the cosmos, my name was Spatta-whisa: "learning/growing like a stiff breeze". We have always been a pragmatic people, and my name was no exception. Each morning I would turn toward our nearest star as it rose in the sky, feeling the slow creep of heat as day broke, the air thickening with the insects emerging from their overnight refuge. I would ask why the star and insects rose as they did, same as the previous day and the day before that. I would ask why the second star would rise from the opposite direction, why it crossed the sky so much quicker than the nearer star, and why it was not consistent in its patterns as the nearest star and insects were. I asked a lot of questions back then.
The elders never answered, if they even listened. It didn't matter, as I didn't appreciate their answers i overheard to questions asked by members of our family older than myself. The elders always spoke in such archaic terms, cryptical connotations in the import those words seemed to carry, but which i could not grasp.
Other saplings would titter at me and also rarely answered. Again it didn't matter, as what they said often seemed misinformed, circular or just plain false. [... example answers]
As i grew i guessed at most of these basic concepts through observation and experiment. My guesses were confirmed or disproven when i was mature enough to finally understand the rich, ever-present flow of discussion among the elders. 